Where am I?
You're awake
You tied me up
What do you want?
Tiantian's heart attack recurred
Are you in a hurry for a transplant?
You are Tiantian's half-sister
You are so young
So healthy
Your heart must be the most suitable for Tian Tian, hahaha.
Zhou Mei, you are crazy
The Su family has treated you well these years
Why are you doing this to me?
Why is that?
I have been in the Su family all these years, who has taken me as his wife?
Is it your useless dad or you?
Only Tian Tian was born to me
She's my daughter.
I would do anything for him
What if you ripped my heart out?
The Su family has gone bankrupt
You mother and daughter are both trash
Destined to be poor for life
You're worse off than a dog.
It's your fault that the Su family went bankrupt
That's right, none of the Su family can get it
I almost forget.
Your heart
Leave it to Tiantian
I want to dig your heart out alive for Tiantian
Hahahaha
Yaoyao, where have you been?
Why don't you answer the phone?
Please dial again later
Did you find the lady?
No, we've looked everywhere.
Oh, by the way, Mrs. Stepmother Zhou Mei's phone has been disconnected
Immediately set Zhou Mei's location
I have funded you for so many years
It's not for free rice.
I order you to take out that bitch's heart immediately
Do you hear me?
Okay, don't worry, I'll arrange it right away.
Bad woman don't run
Then I'll ruin my heart
Stop
Don't mess around, stop